On the other side of the world, there is a country called Happy Land, where the trees are a hundred feet tall. And where the sun shines hotter than here and as you might very well expect everybody who lives in happy land is as happy as the day is long. Wherever you go you see smiling faces all around. It's such a happy place that even the flowers seem to smile in Happy Land. And as well as all the people being happy, all the animals in happy land, they're happy as well. If you've never seen a mouse smile, or a cat or a dog or even a worm, you go to happy land. 
Now this story is about somebody who lives there, and who happens to be called Mr. Happy. Mr. Happy is fat and round and happy, he lives in a small cottage beside a lake at the foot of a mountain and close to a wood. One day while Mr. Happy was out walking through the tall trees in those woods near his home, he came across something which is really rather extraordinary. There in the trunk of one of the very tall trees was a door. Not a very large door but nevertheless a door a small, narrow, yellow door. I wonder who lives here thought Mr. Happy to himself and he turned the handle of that small, narrow, yellow door but the door wasn't locked and it swung open quite easily. Mr. Happy squeezed his rather large body through the rather thin doorway. Just inside the small, narrow, yellow door was a small narrow winding staircase leading downwards. The stairs went round and round and down and down and round and round and down and down. Eventually, after a long time Mr. Happy reached the bottom of the staircase, he looked around and saw there in front of him another small narrow door but this one was red. Mr. Happy knocked at the door "Who's there," said a voice sad creepy sort of voice. Mr. Happy pushed open the red door slowly and who do you think he saw there sitting on a stool was somebody who looked exactly like Mr. Happy, except that he didn't look happy at all. In fact he looked downright miserable. "Hello Mr. Happy, I'm Mr. Happy." "Oh, oh are you indeed," sniffed the person who looked like Mr. Happy but wasn't. "Well, my name's Mr. Miserable and I'm the most miserable person in the world." "Why are you so miserable," asked Mr. Happy. "Because I am," replied Mr. Miserable. "How would you like to be happy like me?" Asked Mr. Happy. "I'd give anything to be happy," said Mr. Miserable. "But, I'm so miserable I don't think I ever could be happy," he added miserably. Mr. Happy  made up his mind quickly. "Follow Me," he said. "Where to?" Asked Mr. Miserable. "Don't argue" said Mr. Happy and he went out through the small narrow red door. Mr. Miserable then hesitated, then followed. Up and up the winding staircase they went, up and up and round and round and up and round and round and up until they came out through the yellow door and into the wood. "Follow me," said Mr. Happy again again and they both set off through the wood back to Mr. Happy's cottage. Mr. Miserable stayed in Mr. Happy's cottage for quite some time, and during that time the most remarkable thing happened. Because he was living in Happy Land Mr. Miserable ever so slowly stopped being miserable. The corners of his mouth stopped turning down and ever so slowly, started turning up. And eventually Mr. Miserable did something that he'd never done in the whole of his life, he smiled. And did he chuckle, which turned into a giggle, which became a laugh. A big booming, hearty, huge, giant, loud, enormous laugh. Mr. Happy was so surprised that he started to laugh as well. And both of them laughed and laughed and laughed. They laughed until their sides hurt and eyes watered. Mr. Miserable laughed and laughed and laughed. And Mr. Happy laughed and laughed and laughed and because, because they laughing so much, everybody who saw them started laughing as well. Even the birds, in the trees started to laugh at the thought of somebody called Mr. Miserable who just couldn't stop laughing. That really is the end of the story, hey accept to say that if every you feel as miserable as Mr. Miserable you know exactly what to do don't you, just turn the corners of your mouth up. Go on try it! Listen silent post pots spot stop tops. 


4:29 And Moses and Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of
the children of Israel: 

4:30 And Aaron spake all the words which the
LORD had spoken unto Moses, and did the signs in the sight of the
people.

4:29 And Aaron went and gathered together all the elders of
the children of Israel:

6:18 And the sons of Kohath; Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel:
and the years of the life of Kohath were an hundred thirty and three
years.

6:19 And the sons of Merari; Mahali and Mushi: these are the families
of Levi according to their generations.

6:20 And Amram took him Jochebed his father's sister to wife; and she
bare him Aaron and Moses: and the years of the life of Amram were an
hundred and thirty and seven years.


18:7 And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did obeisance,
and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they
came into the tent.

18:8 And Moses told his father in law all that the LORD had done unto
Pharaoh and to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, and all the travail
that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them.

18:9 And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which the LORD had done
to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.

18:10 And Jethro said, Blessed be the LORD, who hath delivered you out
of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath
delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.

18:11 Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods: for in the
thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.

18:12 And Jethro, Moses' father in law, took a burnt offering and
sacrifices for God: and Aaron came, and all the elders of Israel, to
eat bread with Moses' father in law before God.

18:13 And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the
people: and the people stood by Moses from the morning unto the
evening.

18:14 And when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people,
he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest
thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto
even?  18:15 And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people
come unto me to enquire of God: 18:16 When they have a matter, they
come unto me; and I judge between one and another, and I do make them
know the statutes of God, and his laws.

18:17 And Moses' father in law said unto him, The thing that thou
doest is not good.

18:18 Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is
with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to
perform it thyself alone.

18:19 Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God
shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou
mayest bring the causes unto God: 18:20 And thou shalt teach them
ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must
walk, and the work that they must do.

18:21 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such
as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over
them, to be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of
fifties, and rulers of tens: 18:22 And let them judge the people at
all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring
unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be
easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.

18:23 If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou
shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their
place in peace.

18:24 So Moses hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did
all that he had said.

18:25 And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and made them heads
over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds, rulers of
fifties, and rulers of tens.

18:26 And they judged the people at all seasons: the hard causes they
brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged themselves.

18:27 And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into
his own land.

19:1 In the third month, when the children of Israel were gone forth
out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they into the wilderness
of Sinai.

19:2 For they were departed from Rephidim, and were come to the desert
of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness; and there Israel camped
before the mount.

19:3 And Moses went up unto God, and the LORD called unto him out of
the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and
tell the children of Israel; 19:4 Ye have seen what I did unto the
Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto
myself.

19:5 Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my
covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all
people: for all the earth is mine: 19:6 And ye shall be unto me a
kingdom of priests, and an holy nation.

These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of
Israel.

19:7 And Moses came and called for the elders of the people, and laid
before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him.

19:8 And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD
hath spoken we will do. And Moses returned the words of the people
unto the LORD.

19:9 And the LORD said unto Moses, Lo, I come unto thee in a thick
cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe
thee for ever.

And Moses told the words of the people unto the LORD.

19:10 And the LORD said unto Moses, Go unto the people, and sanctify
them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes, 19:11 And
be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come
down in the sight of all the people upon mount Sinai.

19:12 And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying,
Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch
the border of it: whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to
death: 19:13 There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be
stoned, or shot through; whether it be beast or man, it shall not
live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the mount.

19:14 And Moses went down from the mount unto the people, and
sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes.

19:15 And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day:
come not at your wives.

19:16 And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there
were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and
the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that
was in the camp trembled.

19:17 And Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet with
God; and they stood at the nether part of the mount.

19:18 And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD
descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke
of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.

19:19 And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder
and louder, Moses spake, and God answered him by a voice.

19:20 And the LORD came down upon mount Sinai, on the top of the
mount: and the LORD called Moses up to the top of the mount; and Moses
went up.

19:21 And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest
they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.

19:22 And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify
themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them.

19:23 And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount
Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and
sanctify it.

19:24 And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt
come up, thou, and Aaron with thee: but let not the priests and the
people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth
upon them.

19:25 So Moses went down unto the people, and spake unto them.

20:1 And God spake all these words, saying, 20:2 I am the LORD thy
God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the
house of bondage.

20:3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me.

20:4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness
of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath,
or that is in the water under the earth.

20:5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I
the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the
fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them
that hate me; 20:6 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love
me, and keep my commandments.

20:7 Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD thy God in vain; for the
LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.

20:8 Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.

20:9 Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work: 20:10 But the
seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt not
do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor
thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy
gates: 20:11 For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea,
and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the
LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.

20:12 Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon
the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.

20:13 Thou shalt not kill.

20:14 Thou shalt not commit adultery.

20:15 Thou shalt not steal.

20:16 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.

20:17 Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet
thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his
ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour's.

20:18 And all the people saw the thunderings, and the lightnings, and
the noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking: and when the
people saw it, they removed, and stood afar off.

20:19 And they said unto Moses, Speak thou with us, and we will hear:
but let not God speak with us, lest we die.

20:20 And Moses said unto the people, Fear not: for God is come to
prove you, and that his fear may be before your faces, that ye sin
not.

20:21 And the people stood afar off, and Moses drew near unto the
thick darkness where God was.

20:22 And the LORD said unto Moses, Thus thou shalt say unto the
children of Israel, Ye have seen that I have talked with you from
heaven.

20:23 Ye shall not make with me gods of silver, neither shall ye make
unto you gods of gold.

20:24 An altar of earth thou shalt make unto me, and shalt sacrifice
thereon thy burnt offerings, and thy peace offerings, thy sheep, and
thine oxen: in all places where I record my name I will come unto
thee, and I will bless thee.

20:25 And if thou wilt make me an altar of stone, thou shalt not build
it of hewn stone: for if thou lift up thy tool upon it, thou hast
polluted it.

20:26 Neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar, that thy
nakedness be not discovered thereon.

21:1 Now these are the judgments which thou shalt set before them.

21:2 If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve: and in
the seventh he shall go out free for nothing.

21:3 If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself: if he were
married, then his wife shall go out with him.

21:4 If his master have given him a wife, and she have born him sons
or daughters; the wife and her children shall be her master's, and he
shall go out by himself.

21:5 And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife,
and my children; I will not go out free: 21:6 Then his master shall
bring him unto the judges; he shall also bring him to the door, or
unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an
aul; and he shall serve him for ever.

21:7 And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant, she shall not
go out as the menservants do.

21:8 If she please not her master, who hath betrothed her to himself,
then shall he let her be redeemed: to sell her unto a strange nation
he shall have no power, seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her.

21:9 And if he have betrothed her unto his son, he shall deal with her
after the manner of daughters.

21:10 If he take him another wife; her food, her raiment, and her duty
of marriage, shall he not diminish.

21:11 And if he do not these three unto her, then shall she go out
free without money.

21:12 He that smiteth a man, so that he die, shall be surely put to
death.

21:13 And if a man lie not in wait, but God deliver him into his hand;
then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee.

21:14 But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour, to slay him
with guile; thou shalt take him from mine altar, that he may die.

21:15 And he that smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely
put to death.

21:16 And he that stealeth a man, and selleth him, or if he be found
in his hand, he shall surely be put to death.

21:17 And he that curseth his father, or his mother, shall surely be
put to death.

21:18 And if men strive together, and one smite another with a stone,
or with his fist, and he die not, but keepeth his bed: 21:19 If he
rise again, and walk abroad upon his staff, then shall he that smote
him be quit: only he shall pay for the loss of his time, and shall
cause him to be thoroughly healed.

21:20 And if a man smite his servant, or his maid, with a rod, and he
die under his hand; he shall be surely punished.

21:21 Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be
punished: for he is his money.

21:22 If men strive, and hurt a woman with child, so that her fruit
depart from her, and yet no mischief follow: he shall be surely
punished, according as the woman's husband will lay upon him; and he
shall pay as the judges determine.

21:23 And if any mischief follow, then thou shalt give life for life,
21:24 Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot,
21:25 Burning for burning, wound for wound, stripe for stripe.

21:26 And if a man smite the eye of his servant, or the eye of his
maid, that it perish; he shall let him go free for his eye's sake.

21:27 And if he smite out his manservant's tooth, or his maidservant's
tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake.

21:28 If an ox gore a man or a woman, that they die: then the ox shall
be surely stoned, and his flesh shall not be eaten; but the owner of
the ox shall be quit.

21:29 But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past, and
it hath been testified to his owner, and he hath not kept him in, but
that he hath killed a man or a woman; the ox shall be stoned, and his
owner also shall be put to death.

21:30 If there be laid on him a sum of money, then he shall give for
the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him.

21:31 Whether he have gored a son, or have gored a daughter, according
to this judgment shall it be done unto him.

21:32 If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant; he shall
give unto their master thirty shekels of silver, and the ox shall be
stoned.

21:33 And if a man shall open a pit, or if a man shall dig a pit, and
not cover it, and an ox or an ass fall therein; 21:34 The owner of the
pit shall make it good, and give money unto the owner of them; and the
dead beast shall be his.

21:35 And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he die; then they shall
sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also
they shall divide.

21:36 Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past,
and his owner hath not kept him in; he shall surely pay ox for ox; and
the dead shall be his own.

22:1 If a man shall steal an ox, or a sheep, and kill it, or sell it;
he shall restore five oxen for an ox, and four sheep for a sheep.

22:2 If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die,
there shall no blood be shed for him.

22:3 If the sun be risen upon him, there shall be blood shed for him;
for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall
be sold for his theft.

22:4 If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be
ox, or ass, or sheep; he shall restore double.

22:5 If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall
put in his beast, and shall feed in another man's field; of the best
of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make
restitution.

22:6 If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of
corn, or the standing corn, or the field, be consumed therewith; he
that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution.

22:7 If a man shall deliver unto his neighbour money or stuff to keep,
and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let
him pay double.

22:8 If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be
brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his
neighbour's goods.

22:9 For all manner of trespass, whether it be for ox, for ass, for
sheep, for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another
challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the
judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto
his neighbour.

22:10 If a man deliver unto his neighbour an ass, or an ox, or a
sheep, or any beast, to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away,
no man seeing it: 22:11 Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them
both, that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbour's goods; and
the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.

22:12 And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the
owner thereof.

22:13 If it be torn in pieces, then let him bring it for witness, and
he shall not make good that which was torn.

22:14 And if a man borrow ought of his neighbour, and it be hurt, or
die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it
good.

22:15 But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good:
if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire.

22:16 And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with
her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.

22:17 If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay
money according to the dowry of virgins.

22:18 Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.

22:19 Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death.

22:20 He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he
shall be utterly destroyed.

22:21 Thou shalt neither vex a stranger, nor oppress him: for ye were
strangers in the land of Egypt.

22:22 Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.

22:23 If thou afflict them in any wise, and they cry at all unto me, I
will surely hear their cry; 22:24 And my wrath shall wax hot, and I
will kill you with the sword; and your wives shall be widows, and your
children fatherless.

22:25 If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee,
thou shalt not be to him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him
usury.

22:26 If thou at all take thy neighbour's raiment to pledge, thou
shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down: 22:27 For that
is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he
sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will
hear; for I am gracious.

22:28 Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor curse the ruler of thy
people.

22:29 Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and
of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me.

22:30 Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy sheep:
seven days it shall be with his dam; on the eighth day thou shalt give
it me.

22:31 And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh
that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.

23:1 Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the
wicked to be an unrighteous witness.

23:2 Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou
speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment: 23:3 Neither
shalt thou countenance a poor man in his cause.

23:4 If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt
surely bring it back to him again.

23:5 If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his
burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with
him.

23:6 Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy poor in his cause.

23:7 Keep thee far from a false matter; and the innocent and righteous
slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked.

23:8 And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift blindeth the wise, and
perverteth the words of the righteous.

23:9 Also thou shalt not oppress a stranger: for ye know the heart of
a stranger, seeing ye were strangers in the land of Egypt.

23:10 And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the
fruits thereof: 23:11 But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and
lie still; that the poor of thy people may eat: and what they leave
the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with
thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard.

23:12 Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou
shalt rest: that thine ox and thine ass may rest, and the son of thy
handmaid, and the stranger, may be refreshed.

23:13 And in all things that I have said unto you be circumspect: and
make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out
of thy mouth.

23:14 Three times thou shalt keep a feast unto me in the year.

23:15 Thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread: (thou shalt eat
unleavened bread seven days, as I commanded thee, in the time
appointed of the month Abib; for in it thou camest out from Egypt: and
none shall appear before me empty:) 23:16 And the feast of harvest,
the firstfruits of thy labours, which thou hast sown in the field: and
the feast of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when thou
hast gathered in thy labours out of the field.

23:17 Three items in the year all thy males shall appear before the
LORD God.

23:18 Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened
bread; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning.

23:19 The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring into
the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his
mother's milk.

23:20 Behold, I send an Angel before thee, to keep thee in the way,
and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

23:21 Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will
not pardon your transgressions: for my name is in him.

23:22 But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I
speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary
unto thine adversaries.

23:23 For mine Angel shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the
Amorites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzites, and the Canaanites,
the Hivites, and the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.

23:24 Thou shalt not bow down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do
after their works: but thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and quite
break down their images.

23:25 And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall bless thy
bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of
thee.

23:26 There shall nothing cast their young, nor be barren, in thy
land: the number of thy days I will fulfil.

23:27 I will send my fear before thee, and will destroy all the people
to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their
backs unto thee.

23:28 And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the
Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee.

23:29 I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the
land become desolate, and the beast of the field multiply against
thee.

23:30 By little and little I will drive them out from before thee,
until thou be increased, and inherit the land.

23:31 And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of
the Philistines, and from the desert unto the river: for I will
deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand; and thou shalt
drive them out before thee.

23:32 Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor with their gods.

23:33 They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee sin
against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a snare
unto thee.

24:1 And he said unto Moses, Come up unto the LORD, thou, and Aaron,
Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of the elders of Israel; and worship ye
afar off.

24:2 And Moses alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come
nigh; neither shall the people go up with him.

24:3 And Moses came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and
all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and
said, All the words which the LORD hath said will we do.

24:4 And Moses wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in
the morning, and builded an altar under the hill, and twelve pillars,
according to the twelve tribes of Israel.

24:5 And he sent young men of the children of Israel, which offered
burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen unto the LORD.

24:6 And Moses took half of the blood, and put it in basons; and half
of the blood he sprinkled on the altar.

24:7 And he took the book of the covenant, and read in the audience of
the people: and they said, All that the LORD hath said will we do, and
be obedient.

24:8 And Moses took the blood, and sprinkled it on the people, and
said, Behold the blood of the covenant, which the LORD hath made with
you concerning all these words.

24:9 Then went up Moses, and Aaron, Nadab, and Abihu, and seventy of
the elders of Israel: 24:10 And they saw the God of Israel: and there
was under his feet as it were a paved work of a sapphire stone, and as
it were the body of heaven in his clearness.

24:11 And upon the nobles of the children of Israel he laid not his
hand: also they saw God, and did eat and drink.

24:12 And the LORD said unto Moses, Come up to me into the mount, and
be there: and I will give thee tables of stone, and a law, and
commandments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them.

24:13 And Moses rose up, and his minister Joshua: and Moses went up
into the mount of God.

24:14 And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come
again unto you: and, behold, Aaron and Hur are with you: if any man
have any matters to do, let him come unto them.













